Add title for code config block (#48)
VSpaceCode/vspacecode.github.io: docs/troubleshooting.md

If you don't use this feature, disabling it should fix this issue. Otherwise, add the following overrides to your `settings.json` as a workaround:

```json title="settings.json"
{
  "vspacecode.bindingOverrides": [
      {
          "keys": ["."],
          "name": "Commands...",
          "type": "command",
          "command": "workbench.action.showCommands"
      }
  ]
}
```

## `,` cannot find previous match

The default VSpaceCode configuration overrides `,` as a shortcut for the [major mode](./major-mode.md);
therefore, the key `,` cannot get back to the previous match after a find `f{character}` with Vim.

> In order to remove this major mode shortcut, remove the all of instances of vim key remapping in `settings.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to remove this major mode shortcut, remove all vim key remappings in `settings.json`:
```
like this is simpler I think
